The Green OpenMusic License
                
This is the Green OML. It resembles closely the
liberties granted by the GPL for music. If you really
want to make Free Music, you should use this license.
If you need more restrictions, use the yellow or red
color.

The License
   
LinuxTag Green OpenMusic License
Draft v1.1, 22 April 2001
   
I. REQUIREMENTS ON BOTH UNMODIFIED AND MODIFIED
VERSIONS
   
The OpenMusic works may be reproduced and distributed
in whole or in part, in any medium physical or
electronic, provided that the terms of this license
are adhered to, and that this license or an
incorporation of it by reference (with any options
elected by the author(s) and/or publisher) is
displayed in the reproduction.

Proper form for an incorporation by reference is as
follows: Copyright (c) <year> by <author's name or
designee>. This material may be distributed only
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Green OpenMusic License, vX.Y or later (the latest
version is presently available at
http://openmusic.linuxtag.org/). The reference must
be immediately followed with any options elected by
the author(s) and/or publisher of the work (see
section VI). The refence must be incoporated in any
publication of the work, either physical or
electronic. If the work is broadcasted, or the
reference can not be incorporated by physical means,
the reference can be ommitted with prior permission
obtained from the copyright holder.

Commercial redistribution of OpenMusic-licensed
material is permitted.

Any publication in physical form (like a CD) shall
require the citation of the original publisher and
author. The publisher and author's names shall appear
on all outer surfaces of the product. On all outer
surfaces of the product the original publisher's name
shall be as large as the title of the work and cited
as possessive with respect to the title.

II. COPYRIGHT

The copyright to each OpenMusic is owned by its
author(s) or designee. If the work covered by this
license is bound to a specific transport medium (see
section VI), it is possible for the author(s) or
designee to publish the work on a different medium
covered by a different license.

III. SCOPE OF LICENSE

The following license terms apply to all OpenMusic
works, unless otherwise explicitly stated.

Mere aggregation of OpenMusic works or a portion of
an OpenMusic work with other works on the same media
shall not cause this license to apply to those other
works. The aggregate work shall contain a notice
specifying the inclusion of the OpenMusic material
and appropriate copyright notice.

SEVERABILITY. If any part of this license is found to
be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the remaining
portions of the license remain in force.

NO WARRANTY. OpenMusic works are licensed and
provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including, but not limited to,
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness
for a particular purpose or a warranty of
non-infringement.

IV. REQUIREMENTS ON MODIFIED WORKS

All modified versions of works covered by this
license, including partial works incorporated into
new works, must meet the following requirements:

   * The modified version must be labeled as such.
   * The person making the modifications must be
     identified and the modifications dated.
   * The location of the original unmodified work
     must be identified.
   * The original author's (or authors') name(s) may
     not be used to assert or imply endorsement of
     the resulting work without the original author's
     (or authors') permission.
   * The new work has to be released under precisely
     this License, with the modified version filling
     the role of the work, thus licensing
     distribution and modification of the modified
     version to whoever possesses a copy of it.

V. GOOD-PRACTICE RECOMMENDATIONS

In addition to the requirements of this license, it
is requested from and strongly recommended of
redistributors that: If you are distributing
OpenMusic works in physical form, you provide email
notification to the authors of your intent to
redistribute at least thirty days before your media
freeze, to give the authors time to provide updated
works. This notification should describe
modifications, if any, made to the work. All
substantive modifications (including deletions) be
described in an attachment to the work. Finally,
while it is not mandatory under this license, it is
considered good form to offer a free copy of any
physical form expression of an OpenMusic-licensed
work to its author(s).

VI. MEDIA LOCKING OPTION

The author(s) and/or publisher of an
OpenMusic-licensed document may bind any publication
of this work or derivative works in whole or in part
on a specific transport medium (for example "digital
distribution via the Internet"). Exceptions can be
made with prior permission from the copyright holder.

This option is selected by appending language to the
reference to or copy of the license. This option is
considered part of the license instance and must be
included with the license (or its incorporation by
reference) in derived works.

To accomplish this, add the phrase "Distribution of
the work or derivative of the work is restricted to
<insert medium here> unless prior permission is
obtained from the copyright holder." to the license
reference or copy.

OPEN MUSIC POLICY APPENDIX:

(This is not considered part of the license.)

OpenMusic works are available in source format via
the OpenMusic home page at
http://openmusic.linuxtag.org/.

OpenMusic artists who want to include their own
license on OpenMusic works may do so, as long as
their terms are not more restrictive than the
OpenMusic license.

If you have questions about the OpenMusic license,
please contact LinuxTag e.V., and/or the OpenMusic
Artists' List at openartists@linuxtag.org, via email.

To subscribe to the OpenMusic Artists' List: Send
E-mail to openartists-request@linuxtag.org.

To post to the Open Publication Authors' List: Send
E-mail to openartists@linuxtag.org or simply reply to
a previous post.

To unsubscribe from the OpenMusic Artists' List: Send
E-mail to majordomo@linuxtag.org with the words
"unsubscribe openartists" in the body of the mail.
